since the 5th
good night everyone June 13th we are in by law prepared and eliminate
19 hours here my right left law that
complicated our idea active and 12 years old but it doesn't seem to be the capital of the
in 1 hour when I went to a store
it seems that he is very young, the boy is a corporal in the Brazilian army
the 2nd jungle infantry battalion is served here
i am here that the assembly of god is
one only mean a son has gone from presiding over
I think our lines in general who will pay this is certain that connects you to the first
see the police here I don't want green no
May having the truth is that I want here I had there
(Laughter)
learned there comes to collaborate in this area
quickly today a lot we have a lot of good news isn't it and
like everyone here people who are accompanying pedro had this morning
at the opening of a condominium in the program my house my life spoke the
goalkeeper is the program to pay today a thousand
seven hundred and twenty houses because it is very important is that in addition to the houses
we also have two teaching units we also have a unit
very big is in the health part so in two daycare centers also how to take advantage of
quickly that Marcos using as much as he could the fight is very cool, right 14
a lot of work and it has to be done this way of seeing knows the work
28-year-old legislator a new year with a soap opera fan
already the technician then go back in time and 4 was voted on today was
unanimously was unanimously but this is the first time that this has happened with the
parliamentary so far the deputy is dying please is also a great
almost 250 million unit shield to save in government schools unfortunately
are closing is is the family allowance that represent the
45 million people will be without resources and also the championship and it is very
family at that rational moment and what made a goal from the side is lens attaches
a great goal and the national congress unanimously 450 votes in bed 61 strong
from the senate to 0 to be the series chose the probable looking at so the training goes
get sexy - more so the most needy people 48 million people in the
indigence search is not that the government counted the year is not enough because kaká
ball when spending it so the revenue we have to do a test
master at sorbonne and stole copper this problem has been happening year after
year what we are now with the new
venice is to avoid that this deficit continues only the father Brazil would contribute with
who has software blood formalizes people and even the opposition voted in favor of
opposition for the first time I don’t even know how it happened but it’s true that the suitcase
with us with the most displayed cell phone and the smile saving your work congratulations to
thing at the time when I made the switch is obeyed look I just want to continue
for even for brazil is this is the fsb yesterday afternoon at night the
invite the president cras 400 businessmen at the same time as baiano
is the São Paulo GDP was present and they really want to invest in Brazil
the lusa
our back so we understand that Brazil is completely going to improve
long after the pension reform even with
the cars at this point the invitation you made for us here to appear in are
paulo to discuss the businessman vilson spoke well grimace
since i'm in par br br 163 not only started to do asphalting works
have has the video already rolling on the net also showing this morning another 50
kilometers the cheapest army and solves and
responsible the responsible has now started the latter
excerpt from the video that started there with the newspaper clarín is concluding
your cast the captain to reposition because it sure look as old as
attracting this year only ends in the problem of decades
we are taking is the row of ten twenty thirty nine but with the harvest we will
centering if he leaves his titles should participate in an event paved with
103 59 hello was sanctioned this week
passed the police on the drug streets resolving right
it allows compulsory hospitalization independent news not only for
miracle as co-responsible right then their dependents who had a way that in the
past got stuck there afterwards to some institutions end up being
punished which is sometimes the punishment does not know how it works there are people hospitalized
in will problem even because the drug addict normally destroyed I don’t know
it cannot at this slow moment then those responsible because they are going to die the
internet user who wants is cured and 165 units must follow in our society
I’m going to talk about ms savings, we cannot miss the opportunity to
seize 10 mar efe the president of the federal fund is almost 60 of dreams o
tedxcampos yes we already have is several negotiations there will only be news
positives in fact already have a light to make yours and detail right
we didn’t expect a modern to turn around we went behind the northeast knowing the
problems I prefer am and then I hadn’t been in
active than keeping days is over is to protect the name pedro
guimarães any general interest fernando maia kept on gluing colleague
so today i will use the launch via having this is a line of
credit to the holy houses of brazil with america namely for more than 1
billion reais for that to be something that the holy house am desired while
lends just under 10% interest today is around 20% and
xororó so help the holy house even because it is used it is because of that
a large part of the network in brazil expulsion through social and life the position of the saint
local home the victims of the judge outside the girl since the house where he does something
similar to speaking with and fictional today we have 3 and a half billion reais
and we have already approved a line very similar to that of the 3 billion
we already have 11 are practiced are going to do a signing event one in 2008 whoever the
the president for fear of shame spoke said 90 thousand euros the work is from the pt
I obeyed borrowed talks friends like the car to do with that borrowed too
for communist countries like venezuela cuba and angola reads argentina was also
cristina christo at that time in 2008 27 billion in 2009 180 million in 2011
17 30 million and 50 million 30 million
the finance minister decides where the money goes from his to whoever needs it
voted in a congress session in an empty session and it is usually not the time
opportune for silvio isac all his emotion so right
after the collapse here I never saw the book I couldn't ask for verification nor discuss
against the project because it was not dealt with the central structure and the squid and
dilma that is part of the story takes place in the middle of a presentation at
parliament don't know why he said in parliament
Brazilian with 5 trillion reais now someone wants to buy side of the
mature can now we will show that one more two will buy the one from bolivia the
world in cuba in angola plus many tips for Africans about ours right
pds use water will not use the country can understand there are people who like the
argentine government is over let's play in the neighborhood
the event of handing over the houses is using close to singing looking
plastic I think it will accompany the fae and 19 after all it’s better
will accompany and spontaneous pressure so under the sun
I am the project I am an evangelist, only a pastor and I support having danced sá
I've done this public speaking James I think the good citizen must have
able to defend the second year with those with the father and mother that their
hilux i asked if he can't guard his family don't shut me down for
this sometimes people think we can say that megan and speak through the
american houses in the shadow of the american wedding does not have two people's houses
because he is rich argentina in the house an american who knows all the charm of a
gun and demoted that the defendant judged in itself nothing also because inside the stronghold of
his house came perimeter of the house in that place is inviolable
no one can end up second with two advantage over the huge legacy speak
program the platform and using it for me is not
surprise he said he already knew he waits like for example
for two spoke at home have to seek a solution for this when I said that
checked next someone came into the house Americans inside receiving rain
the owner of the house again is good so our he will attack the problem is that many
days and over there the excluding chad said tunico and legitimate defense of his own life
marriage diesel changes when it wants to be the property's proof in Brazil for
example the groom of the institution happens in the american states each one each
state to resolve that is the way that part of the jurisprudence at the end of
accounts who wants to see you leave if you take someone who drinks coffee 12 or
15 shots he died has nothing to do with it
that is to say we alone clear in our memory of the citizen defended the family
there was time at home managed to cash out morning is a gang day when the police arrived
the missile itself the sound mix is ​​not about defending my shadow
now that even you are going to be in prison to escape the act now I'm starting to
first difficulty the water decree has a lot of people in bed is that it is
accumulate yesterday in the senate no one like in the education commission
justice by 19 and vote to overthrow the two entered our first boy
says possession of firearms according to court announced investment of the economy
making it feel if they approved to order the bikes even to god here goes
compare to colonize civil-military failures at work absolute
tranquility and the promise of improvement whether or not the next president doesn’t have the slightest
doubt about the opportunity for us to buy
can't accept it's not all there I think it was creating a
symbolic the goal of ending gun deaths remains the
that happened that disarm the good citizen and left the bandits tied up
everyone get excited about locking up for gas gas tells landmarks what bad guys doing
happen the man the family then I will say that if
depend on having his family right on his life and the decree is over and see
exactly to give that citizen's right to the un could not that must have
including those that aim to exterminate and burn in the world if you have
seen by brazil outside today's mass in writing saying here
of yesterday the president there was a triple from the deep bar to
defeat is not the case of the flaps provoke water commission is losing the
its not I have can act the captain of the army which is actually the people who
want water this little in 2005 was planned and voted for the right to
buy the conditions and the pt sp government took ours over that he saw
decree made it difficult to comply with the law on the disarmament statute, including
we managed to move out because the crowd was looking, you are going to buy some water
for deposit and prove the effective need that is verifiable 20 years in the
holy war on how many weapons were registered in Brazil when this notion
registered in Brazil today I don't have the slightest
we were not 1 300 million years old this is the lowest accident rate of
popular death in the world, but we had 63 thousand last year
murdered the population is bedridden relatives to
rasca that we spent here is is a mystery is in the senate is the same deputies is
pt psol and being arrested and that's all the time it's work counts the right to
understand that it is your right not to buy football the decree is
unconstitutional the morning to the sound of not talking about this person in this age group
we never worked in life was a true union member of society aiming
security will not be called armored car but do not say they want
national for example when I pass the validity
from registration to a five to ten year fund is not thinking right from the face
the decree could go back 20 and 30 years also said he will do that he was
with their machines with dictation while we there in the law and do not speak to see if
it pays more to buy everything set in asia you can buy when
the punishment is a cartridge one as they are doing now that a stir almost brings
the validity of the andrezinho 10 year old driver's license according to a
nelson trend as far as zon I'm going to lose the 20 to 40
there are a lot of people who are private drivers he doesn't think I'm going
increase a day of violence in the case of infractions that rely on tactics a
guy a number and a trucker the travel bus driver 60
according to the trip he will see that in the legislation she takes the pedro f wallet
driver or job the project will not say anything more in the
way indicated but uncertain when it was hit in the details that you can only
perform today in that clinic can no longer give us armed forces
the doctor friend god
I'm interested in the favor is your life talking about the project I already started with the
tarcíso the minister of structure is in transport is also to end the
simulator on average 300 women of one night just there helping the worker
the citizen to take out his wallet to renew
i had the same organ let's trust a little bit
talked to a partner friend and federal highway that same goal foreseeing
view of the 3rd and federal highway we will not have new sparrows and spines
tell us your adventure does not receive a visit from the river today
there were planes that touches 0 when wrong i'm starting from scratch in the year the
justice will end mobile radars if the goal is an excuse here right
much of the past now would say because I want to drive there in a way
irresponsible and one thing is two important announcements in the last two
weeks a 3 million negotiation the rate already up to 90% off is very
good here that had the count owed and worse on duty
she's a show dinho Oeste 11 20% increase to monthly
so when the expenses of the negotiation but I return a bushman a citizenship
financial back to being able to take money at a fraction of that are three
billions of people we already have more than 65 thousand people who came back from
financial line and a second or 600 thousand real estate decision lost your property
us since the zone has so far been 30 thousand agents in the
last week this was very important that will be done
at the organ house the box with you always talking - paulo guedes people look
for the poorest population has a result not being very common but
worked in a house surrounded by heavy ball is by far the most for much
thank you guys a special to you we are like that until you are doing well
didn’t do and we’re going here with the event here in the Feliciano and 68
years assembly of god in brazil now the couple until the fifth time that since
to 0